Clarify the devdocs pull request template (#4376)
magento/devdocs: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Purpose of this pull request

<!-- REQUIRED Describe the goal and the type of changes this pull request covers. -->

> This pull request ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This pull request (PR) ...
```

> ## Affected devdocs pages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Affected DevDocs pages
```

<!-- REQUIRED List the affected pages on devdocs.magento.com (URLs). Not needed for large numbers of files. -->

- ...
- ...

## Links to Magento source code

> <!--  OPTIONAL - REMOVE THIS SECTION IF NOT USED. If this pull request references a file in a Magento codebase repository, add it here. -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!--  OPTIONAL - REMOVE THIS SECTION IF NOT USED. If this PR references a file in a Magento codebase repository, add it here. -->
```

Reviewer 2: Dima is trying to get rid of the acronyms with this PR.

- ...
- ...

<!-- 

> If you are fixing a GitHub issue, note it using GitHub keyword (https://help.github.com/en/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords#closing-an-issue-in-a-different-repository) to close the issue when this pull request is merged. Example: Fixes #1234

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are fixing a GitHub issue, note it using GitHub keyword format (https://help.github.com/en/articles/closing-issues-using-keywords#closing-an-issue-in-a-different-repository) to close the issue when this pull request is merged. Example: `Fixes #1234`
```

> `master` is the default branch. Merged pull requests to master go live on the site automatically. Thus, any requested changes to content at the `master` branch have to be ralated to the released codebase. Any content related to future releases goes into the `develop` branch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`master` is the default branch. Merged pull requests to `master` go live on the site automatically. Any requested changes to content on the `master` branch must be related to the released codebase. Any content related to future releases goes in the `develop` branch.
```

> See more details at the Contribution guidelines (https://github.com/magento/devdocs/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See Contribution guidelines (https://github.com/magento/devdocs/blob/master/.github/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.
```
